# 2006 考研英语 真题

-   `Section 1` Use of English
-   `Section 2` Reading Comprehension
    -   `Part A`
        -   `Text 1`
        -   `Text 2`
        -   `Text 3`
        -   `Text 4`
    -   `Part B`
    -   `Part C`
-   `Section 3` Writing
    -   `Part A`
    -   `Part B`

---

## `Section 1` Use of English

-   Directions:

`Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1.(10 points)`

> > The human nose is an underrated tool. Humans are often thought to be insensitive smellers compared with animals, but this is largely because, unlike animanls, we stand upright. This means that our noses are limited to perceiving those smells which float through the air, missing ths majority of smells which stick to surfaces. In fact, though, we are extremely sensitive to smells, even if we do not generally realize it. Our noses are capable of detecting human smells even when these are diluted to far below one part in one million.

> > Strangely, some people find that they can smell one type of flower but not another, whereas others are sensitive to the smells of both flowers. This may be because some people do not have the genes necessary to generate particular smell receptors int the nose. These receptors are the cell with sensi smells and send messages to the brain. However, it has been found that even people insensitive to a certain smell at first can suddenly become sensitive to it when exposed to it often enough.

> > The explanation for insensitivity to smell seems to be that the brain finds it inefficient to keep all smell receptors working all the time but can create new receptors of necessary. This may also explain why we are not usually sensitive to our own smells——we simply do not need to be. We are not aware of the usual smell of our own house, but we notice new smells when we visit someone else's. The brain finds it best to keep smell receptors available for unfamiliar and emergency signals such as the smell of smoke, which might indicate the danger of fire.

-   第一段

`The human nose is an underrated tool.`

`Humans are often thought to be insensitive smellers compared with animals, but this is largely because, unlike animanls, we stand upright.`

`This means that our noses are limited to perceiving those smells which float through the air, missing ths majority of smells which stick to surfaces. `

`In fact, though, we are extremely sensitive to smells, even if we do not generally realize it. `

`Our noses are capable of detecting human smells even when these are diluted to far below one part in one million.`

-   第二段

-   第三段

## `Section 2` Reading Comprehension

### `Part A`

#### `Text 1`

#### `Text 2`

#### `Text 3`

#### `Text 4`

### `Part B`

### `Part C`

## `Section 3` Writing

### `Part A`

### `Part B`
